

improve the svgs on the tutorial page



when adding new clients through the add single client feature, add step to configure if the deadline types that apply to that client type apply to them
tutorials need first 10s cutting out
make it so it restarts once video ends if still focused on it

lets improve the explanations of all the tutorials and articles and guides in /guides

overall don't like wording of this tutorial shows... since they are so short anyway, should more say what you can do

1. use the upcoming deadlines widget
improve explanation to explain what it shows, so client name, deadline, status, then when its due. then what happens when they click on a row - takes you to clients page and directs you to that deadline

2. read the workload forecast
video needs changing to C:\Users\ejsch\University\Coding Projects\Automations\peninsulaacounting\out\shortlist\upcoming-deadlines-widget.mp4 . description eeds changing to say how it shows deadlines in different time frames and splits them into different statuses, bars should all go to green to show accountant is done for that time window

3. manage your to do list
change video to C:\Users\ejsch\University\Coding Projects\Automations\peninsulaacounting\out\shortlist\todo-list.mp4 . talk about how the the to list is ordered, failed emails, then documents that need review, then client who need submitting (verify how it works and mention it). also mention how they can view these emails from the to do list and resend them. also how they can view files from here, accept or reject them.  how they can be taken straight to hmrc from here to file records recieved

4. review recent uplaods. video needs redoing as the ui has changed since then. also video should scroll down further, go to the next page, go back, clikc on a row, accept that document, go to the next item, close the modal, then end. 
talk about how from here they can see all recently uploaded files from clients through the client portal. they can reject incorrect files, download files. some files will need to be reviewed as they didn't pass the verfication checks. will show with status badge for this, then user can pass review from the modal

5. add a client manually - need to make distinction here, change to mention how this is just a single client. need to make new tutorial for adding multple clients using the import csv feature
video needs updating as it doesn't actually add the client, also the video looks wrong as you can't see the full video, cut off a little on the left side. also change description to talk about how the deadline dates are automatically calculated